A LocoIO programmer, based loosely on Hans DeLoof's LocoIO/HDL programmer.
Deprecated/No longer supported as of JMRI version 3: Please use DecoderPro3 with a Public Domain/DIY decoder (2015)

JMRI jmrix.loconet.locoio - a loconet programmer for LocoIO 
and HDL based loconet IO boards using the Jabour or Hand Deloof
firmware.

Written by John Plocher during the last part of 2006 and the beginning of 2007

This version ONLY deals with SV1 & SV2 (address/subaddress) and
SV3-SV50 (primary mode,value1 and value2 for ports 1-16.
In particular, it does NOT address SV0 (board level configuration),
SV51-SV98 (alternate Opcodes) or SV101-124 (servo config).

Usage model:

    Enter a LocoIO address and sub-address
    Click on <probe> button
    If a locoIO is found at that address, its firmware version is displayed
    (the Monitor Loconet window will show all the LocoIOs that responded
    to the probe request if you need to refresh your memory)

    <set address>
    If you wish to change the address of a locoIO board, you MUST
    ensure that it is the ONLY locoIO-based board connected to the
    LocoNet, as the address is set via a broadcast message.  A popup
    will remind you of this.  If you ignore it, then ALL of the locoIOs
    on your loconet will be reprogrammed with the same new address.

    <read all> reads all the CV values from the LocoIO specified.
    <write all> writes them all out

    The individual read/write buttons do the same, but for only one
    port at a time.

    <capture> extracts the address out of the next turnout or
    occupancy sensor loconet message it sees and uses it as the
    address of the selected port.

----

TODO: need UI to configure the various SV0 states.

TODO: write a "change address" routine that takes both the
    old and new addresses and does the change without using a
    broadcast address.

TODO: write a set of config data out to a text file in the
    form used by Hans's programmer, and reread it back when
    requested.
