This is the HOWTO file to make a complete SourceForge downloadable
distribution.  ($Revision: 1.51 $)

Start with a directory, typically called "Distributions", that
contains "scripts" and "java" (from CVS) as subdirectories, and:

  scripts
  ln -s scripts/build.xml build.xml
  ln -s scripts/dist.xml dist.xml

  Linux
  	JMRI (the most recent distribution)
  MacOSX
  	JMRI (the most recent distribution)

  (Windows is separate, and involves a shared disk with VPC, but
   basically all the necessary stuff is in a VPC directory)
   
This probably already exists. Make sure that scripts, etc, have
been updated!

Make sure everything is up-to-date:

( ) Check if the decoder definitions have changed since the previous tag
    If so, remake the decoder index. 
    Copy the new file from preferences into the CVS tree.
    Update the version number by hand.
    Make sure file is saved with Unix line ends.
    Commit.
    
( ) Check if the help has changed since the previous tag
    If so, remake the help index  (need a command line approach, so can put in ant!)
    cd JMRI/jhelp/help/en
    (launch JHelpDev, e.g. "open jhelpdev.jar")
    (navigate to JHelpDev.xml & open it)
    (click "generate all")
    
( ) Check that the Version.java file has been updated and committed

( ) Edit the "manifest" file in this directory, and make sure that the
    version number is correct in four places
    
( ) To ensure that you've got the HEAD of CVS, in your test area do:

    cvs -q update -dA help jython lib resources xml
    cd java
    cvs -q update -dA build.xml check.xml manifest src test

    
    cd Distributions/scripts
    cvs -q update -dA
    
    cd Distributions/java
    cvs -q update -dA
    
To actually create the distribution:

( ) Go to your working directory and
	cvs tag Release-X-Y-Z src test build.xml check.xml jmri.jpx JMRILibraries.library manifest
	cd ..
	cvs tag Release-X-Y-Z help jython resources xml lib lib118

    Note that you have to have the "all" and "check" 
    cvs targets checked-out into your working directory when 
    you do this.

( ) Come back to Distributions and 
    cd scripts
	(be sure that's the default.lcf you want!)
	cvs tag Release-X-Y-Z
    cd ..
    
	ant -f dist.xml -Drelease=Release-1-2-3 -Dnumber=1.2.3 release1
	
	Ensure tests pass!
	
	Check DecoderPro for no startup errors, right version

	Ant will launch a StuffIt (DropTar) process for Linux; click
	to proceed, and wait for it to be running.
	
( ) Once the StuffIt processes launches, you can start building the Windows installer
	in parallel.
	
	Using VPC, make sure you have the Z disk available and that it
	contains the JMRI folder. (If not, check the "shared folders" and 
	"networking settings"; see Control menu)
	
	Launch Installer Vise from the last build file.
	"Update archive"; Check changes make sense.
	Click the "test archive" button (right one of the pair)
	Name the installer JMRI.1.2.3.exe or so
	After the installer runs, run DecoderPro from desktop icon and check.
	In IV, "Save as..." the VCT file as the new name
	Drag-copy .exe to Mac, copy to final Distributions; name should be OK

    Alternate method:
    
    Mount PC.  Copy last .vct and Windows/JMRI to C:\WINDOWS\Desktop
    Create and test installer as above.  Copy the .exe back
    to the Distributions directory
    
    
( ) Create MacOS X DMG
   
    rm temp.dmg
    hdiutil create -size 20MB -fs HFS+ -volname "JMRI 1.2.3" temp.dmg
    open temp.dmg
    (copy MacOSX/JMRI folder to DMG using finder)
    (cd /Volumes/JMRI(tab) ; ln -s /Applications .)
    ln -s /Applications .
    cd (back to Distributions)
    (eject)
    hdiutil convert temp.dmg -format UDZO -o JMRI.1.2.3.dmg
    
( ) Once the StuffIt process is done
	ant -f dist.xml -Drelease=Release-1-2-3 -Dnumber=1.2.3 release2
	
	This does some file copying and renaming; it should finish instantly
	
( ) Upload the 1st two files
    (Do the next step manually for now!!)

	ant -f dist.xml -Drelease=Release-1-2-3 -Dnumber=1.2.3 release4
	
    Normally the next step is to run release3, which uploads 
    the MacOS and Linux files for you. But there's recently been
    a problem with this, so do it manually
    
    ftp upload.sf.net (userid ftp, pwd is email address)
    cd incoming
    bin
    put JMRI.1.2.3.dmg
    put JMRI.1.2.3.tgz
    exit
	
( ) Create and upload the XSLT pages. This can be done at any time after now,
    but doing it now works well in parallel with the rest of the Windows build
    if that's going slowly in VPC.
    
    cd Release-1-2-3/xml/XLST
    ant xslt
      (proceed only if no errors)
    ant upload
    cd ../../..

( ) The Windows .exe must be present before the next step
	
( ) When ready to upload the Windows version:
	(Do this manually for now, see above)
	ant -f dist.xml -Drelease=Release-1-2-3 -Dnumber=1.2.3 release4
		
( ) Any time after release2, create and upload the JavaDocs
	ant -f dist.xml -Drelease=Release-1-2-3 -Dnumber=1.2.3 release5

( ) Format the email announcement; you'll cut and paste parts
	to the release form.

( ) Login to SourceForge web using Firefox, not Safari (to use Quick Release)

	Go to the project home page, then admin page
	
	Click on Edit/Release Files  & release each of the three files
	in the order:
	
		Linux
		MacOS X
		Windows
		
	Be sure to update the top of the release note paragraph.
	
	The test release name convention is "JMRI 1.2.3 test version for Linux"
	
	Be sure to select "preserve preformatted text"
	
	Note on using SF "Quick File Release" system:
		In Spring 2004, it would often give an error about "could not
		add file".  In that case, reupload the file, and edit the release
		to include the file (was a Safari problem; use IE)
		
		Alternately, use the Quick File Release system without selecting
		a file, then add it later.  This prevents the original uploads from
		being erased, so you don't have to upload them twice.

( ) Commit announcement file to the web site CVS directory

( ) For a test version, update the web site downloads page
    and add a release-note page
    
( ) For a production version, update web page source:
    	Linux install.html         
    	MacOS Classic install.html 
    	MacOS X install.html       
    	OS2 install.html          
    	Windows install.html
		index.html
		DecoderPro/index.html
		README.html
		
( ) If the decoder definitions have changed, make a .zip file and send to:
    Hans Tanner:  hans.tanner@complexitymanager.com
    Graham Plowman: gppsoftware@gppsoftware.com

( ) Commit site and update on server
	
( ) Mail announcement to jmriusers@yahoogroups.com
    Subject is "Test version 1.7.4 of JMRI/DecoderPro is available for download"

( ) Mail announcement to jmri-announce@lists.sourceforge.net

    You'll get a moderation message via email; handle it.

( ) News item from JMRI sourceforge page

	Title is of the form "JMRI M.N is available"

( ) If a production version, update the SF automatic download pages

( ) Decide if worth announcing elsewhere (production version or 
	big system-specific fix/feature):
	    RailRoadSoftware&yahoogroups.com
		MAC_DCC@yahoogroups.com
		loconet_hackers@yahoogroups.com
		digitrax@yahoogroups.com
		NCE-DCC@yahoogroups.com
		NCE-SYS1@yahoogroups.com
		easydcc@yahoogroups.com
		Model_TRAINS_DCC_Software@yahoogroups.com
		DigitalPlusbyLenz@yahoogroups.com
		linux-dcc@yahoogroups.com
		rrsoftware@yahoogroups.com
		VersionTracker
		Apple MacOS Software
		
( ) Consider submitting to SoftPedia
    http://mac.softpedia.com/user/submit.shtml

( ) Consider submitting to VersionTracker

( ) Commit back any changes made to this doc

( ) Take a break!

